pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

<img src="/assets/img/me.png" style="float:left; height: 500px; margin:50px;"/>

Hi, my name is Sydney! I currently work as a machine learning engineer at <a href="https://www.realtor.com/">Realtor.com</a>. In a past life (under my maiden name, Sydney Maples) I worked as a backend platform engineer at <a href="https://www.anaconda.com/">Anaconda, Inc.</a>. Before that, I was a student at Stanford University, where I served as the president of the <a href="https://symsys.stanford.edu/about/history-program/barwise-award-distinguished-contributions-symbolic-systems">Symbolic Systems Society</a> and graduated with my degree in <a href="http://www.symsyssociety.org/whatissymsys">Symbolic Systems</a> in 2018. I was also the photography director of <a href="https://issuu.com/mint_magazine">Mint Magazine</a> from its inception in 2013 until my graduation, as well as the technical team leader of the CS + Mental Health initiative, where several neat projects were conceptualized and created, including <a href="https://woebothealth.com/">Woebot</a>!

I am generally interested in anything relating to the systems that undercurrent our daily lives, both from a technical and a sociological standpoint. I also love the feeling of diving into something completely new and being able to relate it back to topics I'm already familiar with, and the sheer breadth of topics and concepts to learn is part of why both machine learning and software engineering appeal to me. Outside of work, you can find me <a href="{{site.url}}/blog">writing</a>, <a href="https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/40582536-sydney-trinidad">reading a book</a>, doting on my two disgustingly adorable maltipoos, listening to the same classic rock bands over and over, or miserably failing at skiing.

Commit message:

modified aspects of my about page based on my husband's commentary :P

pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

<img src="/assets/img/me.png" style="float:left; height: 500px; margin:50px;"/>

Hi, my name is Sydney! I currently work as a machine learning engineer at <a href="https://www.realtor.com/">Realtor.com</a>. In a past life (under my maiden name, Sydney Maples) I worked as a backend platform engineer at <a href="https://www.anaconda.com/">Anaconda, Inc.</a>. Before that, I was a student at Stanford University, where I served as the president of the <a href="https://symsys.stanford.edu/about/history-program/barwise-award-distinguished-contributions-symbolic-systems">Symbolic Systems Society</a> and graduated with my Bachelor's of Science in <a href="http://www.symsyssociety.org/whatissymsys">Symbolic Systems</a> in 2018. I was also the technical team leader of the CS + Mental Health initiative, where we foresaw the creation of several neat projects (including <a href="https://woebothealth.com/">Woebot</a>!), as well as the photography director of <a href="https://issuu.com/mint_magazine">Mint Magazine</a> from its inception until my graduation.

Wherever possible, I try to write about new things I'm learning on my <a href="{{site.url}}/">blog</a> or post useful technical <a href="{{site.url}}/notes">notes</a> and snippets. Outside of work, you can find me <a href="https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/40582536-sydney-trinidad">reading a book</a>, doting on my two adorable maltipoos, listening to the same classic rock bands over and over, or failing miserably at skiing.

I am always happy to receive email, especially from aspiring students or engineers. <a href="mailto:sydneyctrinidad@gmail.com">Don't hesitate to reach out.</a>
